What is the origin of this dress?
A few days ago.
Wright made a special reservation for the down payment.
Australia is high and determined one
Except me and Rett.
No one knows in our store.
That's strange, you say how did you know this news?
Then you are...
That's right, I'm the one paying in advance.
Miss, you said so.
I'm here to pull your face.
Ha ha, okay, stop causing trouble.
I did not do anything. Definitely mine.
I am the down payment.
I'm here.
Why me before?
I will buy you beautiful high-end clothes.
Calm down, okay?
Hey, it's those two dead scammers again.
Fraud scam
Do you know them?
They held a black card saying they were Deputy General Director.
What?
Two people.
I also don't know if Diem Diem's ​​cut is real or fake.
Both are repeat offenders.
Actual director
Great acting
Last time, he pretended to be me at my villa.
It's just his whole body sold on the ground.
Not more than 200 yuan.
I still have to pay thousands of money in advance.
It's obvious that you're impersonating us everywhere.
Okay, you two don't know whether to live or die.
Really cheated out of prepayment.
If the diamond has scratches on it
A lifetime cannot be compensated.
Cortin, I want this dress.